So hello everyone.
So welcome to the continuation of our previous lesson.
Now what we are going to do?
As I said, we are just going to be working with the text and then we'll do some simple shapes too.
Okay.
So this is what we are trying to do.
We are just trying to populate the screens with the email and the email address and then we'll do something
on this and then we'll try out the telegram and WhatsApp icons.
Okay, so let's proceed.
So I am going to select this.
So let me check this email and phone number.
So let me just select.
Okay.
And control C.
Control V.
So and then I'll use the all key with the help of the shift key to move this.
So I think this distance is quite okay.
The gap is quite okay.
And when you take this out, let me see.
So also, I'm going to check that the distance is 15.
So 15.
Okay.
So the distance from the mobile to this text is 15.
And I'm going to change this to email.
Emile.
Okay.
Then I'll give it a dummy email.
So a dummy email.
So let me just use.
Go.
That's.
We're going to take up.
Dot com.
Okay, then.
Now how to change the icon.
So let me just take this out then I'm going to bring this this here.
Remember the size statuses by 36.
Okay, so for consistency sake, I'm going to change this to 36 so I can just resize it here so I can
just input the value.
So 36.
Cynthia.
It's also 36.
Okay.
Then I'm going to align.
It's just so it's aligns with this.
Okay, so let's make it.
Touch it.
Okay.
So it's well aligned.
And then what else to do as to.
Dempsey the copier, the size 22 hours is 15.
Now we have the group's uniforms.
So let me just increase the distance a bit.
So just now let me check the distance between them.
So 19.
So let's use 19.
Now we need that of the groups.
Okay.
So just this.
What is control C, control V then?
See.
Since just six.
So here is 19.
So let me check here to.
So into six, then move it up.
She'll be 19.
Okay, so 19.
So while holding on oats, I use the arrow key to move it up so that I could see the changes as I move.
Okay, we don't need this.
So delete this and then I would check here.
So we have uni frames.
Okay.
So with a uni frames.
Sorry, we need this.
So I'm just going to change.
Really.
Let me check.
See, just a groups difference.
So groups.
Then here is uni friends uni.
Prince or let's do it.
UI Prince.
UI friends.
Look.
And then.
Okay.
So now let's do that of this accounts linked.
So I'm going to do this shape and then account link.
As usual, we use the rectangle two and then I'm going to draw from this and in this size.
Okay.
So I'm using 48 by 50.
Okay, let's see that distance.
Just so you just close so we can pick it up.
So 19 is okay.
So let's.
At 19.
Okay.
For consistency sake, then I'm going to change it to height.
And now we need to give it to the text accounts linked.
But remember, they said drop shadow.
But this shadow is actually a line.
So it's a line.
I can do is just control.
See this line?
Okay.
The line that we have here.
So let me just zoom in and then click then control C, control v, they use the key to move it down.
Let me hope they don't initiate.
I'm going to make it move down faster.
Let me zoom in to see if it's purposely the position of one's.
So I think it's the.
Okay, so.
Okay.
So now I'm going to just select this control C, control V and then bring it down and then change its
name.
Remember, since I picked it first I have to bring it to front.
So bring two front.
So right click and bring the front and then I'll change it.
Accounts linked is a linked council.
Accounts Linked linked.
Let's check.
So it's a council link.
Okay.
So accounts linked to the URL escapes.
Then let me just try and center it.
So okay.
So he sent it.
Okay.
And really let them bring it out.
And now we have to do that of the telegram WhatsApp and then the icons so account linked.
Let me see.
So they seem to be.
So the text size is 16 normal.
So I'm going to change my to guess 20.
You see this string?
See?
This also is chintzy.
Okay, so let's leave this to 20 and now we have to do that.
So the telegram and then WhatsApp.
So Telegram.
WhatsApp.
So let's take this text control C, control V and I'm going to bring it down.
So while holding on old them check.
See the distance.